Add google authd-broker documentation (#724)
ubuntu/authd: docs/reference/group-management.md

# Group management

Groups are used to manage users that all need the same access and permissions to resources.

> Groups from the remove provider can be mapped into local Linux groups for the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Groups from the remote provider can be mapped to local Linux groups for the user.
```

```{note}

>   Groups right now are only supported for the `msentraid` broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Groups are currently supported for the `msentraid` broker.
```
